<img style="float: right; width: 200px" src="https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/83/Wplogo_with_text_500.png/640px-Wplogo_with_text_500.png" />
# WikiPathways WP41

* WikiPathways: [WP41](https://wikipathways.org/pathways/WP41) ([classic](https://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41))
* Species: Mus musculus
## Tests
* CASMetabolitesTests: all 2 tests OK!
* ChEBIMetabolitesTests: all 5 tests OK!
* ChemSpiderTests: all 2 tests OK!
* DataNodesTests: all 5 tests OK!
* EnsemblTests: all 4 tests OK!
* GeneTests
    * entrezGeneIdentifiersNotNumber: .. all OK!
    * affyProbeIdentifiersNotCorrect: .. all OK!
    * outdatedIdentifiers: .... all OK!
    * nonNumericHGNCAccessionNumbers: .. all OK!
    * genesWithoutEnsemblMapping: .x we found 1 problem(s):
        * [The following genes with an identifier have been found but that do not have a mapping to Ensembl: 210](#d7c322a3)
* GeneralTests: all 15 tests OK!
* HMDBSecMetabolitesTests: all 3 tests OK!
* InteractionTests: all 8 tests OK!
* KEGGMetaboliteTests: all 2 tests OK!
* LIPIDMAPSTests: all 1 tests OK!
* MetaboliteStructureTests: all 1 tests OK!
* MetabolitesTests: all 15 tests OK!
* OudatedDataSourcesTests: all 24 tests OK!
* PathwayTests: all 8 tests OK!
* ProteinsTests: all 2 tests OK!
* PubChemMetabolitesTests: all 3 tests OK!
* ReferencesTests: all 6 tests OK!
* UniProtTests: all 5 tests OK!
* WikidataTests: all 4 tests OK!


## Summary

* Number of test classes: 20
* Number of tests: 120
* Number of assertions: 241
* Number of fails: 1

## Fails

<a name="d7c322a3" />

## Genes with identifier but no Ensembl identifier mapping

The following genes with an identifier have been found but that do not have a mapping to Ensembl: 210
```
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Oprl1 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr44 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rc5 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9JM27 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1ra5 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr7 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9JM40 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Oprk1 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9EPY6 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr2 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr62 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rd4 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Cnr1 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rb3 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9JM33 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr56 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9JM26 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Edg5 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr1353 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr11 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr642 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9JM24 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Edg8 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9ERY2 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr24 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9EPV2 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Celsr2 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Ghsr with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Gprc2a-rs2 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Rrh with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr3 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rd14 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V2r7 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rc7 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9JM37 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V2r5 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Cd97 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Casr with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr403 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Edg1 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Gpr37l1 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Gpr146 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Sstr5 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Fzd1 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr53 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr701 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Gabbr1 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Gpr73 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Grm1 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1ra9 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr47 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Gpr83 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Gpr115 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9ESF9 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr586 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr51 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr27 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9ERW4 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr29-ps1 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr45 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Gpr88 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9JM41 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr50 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rc3 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9JM34 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rb4 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr57 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Htr1da with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Dfy with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr43 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1ra4 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Gpr56 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9JM31 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr55 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Cysltr1 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9JM25 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr32 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr6 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr48 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Gprc2a-rs3 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr60 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9JHH0 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rd7 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr25 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Gpr2 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rc8 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Calcr with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Ccr7 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Gprc2a-rs1 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V2r6 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9JM42 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rb9 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Adora3 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9EPY8 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Drd2 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9JM36 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Gpr7 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Ednra with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Gpr143 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9JM28 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Htr1d with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Gpr34 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr28 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr8 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr1 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr20 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Adrb2 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Tacr3 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Htr1a with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Fzd9 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rd3 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rb1 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Grca with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rb2 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Xcr1 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr154 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9JM21 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Fzd2 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1ra2 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Smo with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr12 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9JM23 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 6530406P05Rik with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9JM39 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9JM17 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr4 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr402 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr412 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rc4 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Mrgprh with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr30 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Celsr1 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9WU87_MOUSE with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rd9 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr1355 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1ra1 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rc6 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Htr1db with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9ERY0 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rb7 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr5 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr10 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9ESG1_MOUSE with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1ra6 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Vipr1 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9JHK3 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9ERX0 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr13 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr61 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr26 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Gpr39 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr19 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q61071 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr54 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rd6 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Drd5 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rc1 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr31 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Fzd7 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Mc4r with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr18 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rc2 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9ERX6 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Irx6 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr59 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9JM29 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr23 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr9 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Pthr2 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9ERX4 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr395 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Gpr132 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rd2 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr58 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr397 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr42 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Adrb1 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rd1 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Tas1r1 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Mtnr1b with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1ra3 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9JM30 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1ra8 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9ERY7 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V2r3 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr33 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Adora1 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9JM18 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr161 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rb6 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr382 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Trhr2 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9JM19 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr410 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rc9 with datasource MGI
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Oprm1 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr138 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr52 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Q9JM22 with datasource UniProtKB
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Celsr3 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Opn1lw with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr394 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1rb8 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr46 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Fzd5 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Olfr22-ps1 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Gpr84 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Ltb4r2 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 V1ra7 with datasource Entrez Gene
http://classic.wikipathways.org/instance/WP41_r128009 Drd1a with datasource Entrez Gene
```

More details at [https://www.wikipathways.org/WikiPathwaysCurator/GeneTests/genesWithoutEnsemblMapping](https://www.wikipathways.org/WikiPathwaysCurator/GeneTests/genesWithoutEnsemblMapping)

